Arabella’s palace was situated on a frozen plateau, deep in the northern woods of Oz. She was, after all, the ice witch. The protective garrison she put around the palace was largely from the remainder of the EPA, or at least the members who refused to disband after the Wizard obtained clean energy. Their members were mixes of gnomes, humans, halflings, dwarves, and even a couple of half-orcs. They were shouting various phrases such as “For the EPA!” and “All for the old Oz!” The Wizard and his allies were closing in, finally. It was the last palace, the last battle to rid the land of the Empress’ puppets. They were using ice-based artillery, powered by arcane magic instead of industrial fuel, launching freezing blue bolts of energy across the landscape of the woods surrounding the plateau. The goal was to create enough of a barrier that the Wizard’s forces wouldn’t be tempted to lay siege. Arabella wasn’t going to let them win, even if it cost her.

Her force was in a difficult position, though. The palace was relatively exposed above the treeline, and if the Wizard had any air defenses, the palace could still be seen and targeted easily. Fortunately for her, air-based machines were still in the development stages, so the enemy would have to invade the by marching through the woods to the front gates. This gave her a home-field strategic advantage. She was, however, outnumbered and outgunned, as the Wizard could easily resupply while she had no more allies to call for reinforcements. To make matters worse, Elphaba had an army, and sided with the Wizard and his forces. There was also the strange group of adventurers. Although their numbers changed from time to time, they were the same group that lifted the Neverland curse and ended the civil war in Atlantis. Arabella was surprised they had managed to get this far without the Empress retaliating. Perhaps if Arabella emerged victorious today, she would be rewarded for handing them over. The adventurers had sided with the Wizard, and had successfully defeated the witches in the east and south.

Arabella contemplated all this as she stared out the window of the throne room, looking at the forest below, where the battle was raging. She turned around to her personal attache of guards, which were all standing in formation, and spoke with a bellowing voice.

	“Soldiers. My loyal servants. Today, we face a great threat. The Wizard and Elphaba have sent their circus freaks, the six adventurers, to test us. We will send them back in bags! We will stand and fight, for Oz, for the true Oz, for traditions that we have held for generations. No surrender!”

	“No surrender!” the guards repeated in unison.

On the ground, Addie was standing on the back of a cart made of metal. It was one of the Wizard’s industrial inventions; it had wheels much like a regular cart, but required no horses to drive it. Rather, it was powered by an engine, and driven by one of the Wizard’s soldiers. The Wizard had simply dropped the T and called it a “car.” Addie jumped on the back to increase mobility as the party raced through the woods towards Arabella’s palace. Arabella was the last stretch, the last of the pro-Empress witches.

Addie drew an arrow from her quiver, and fired it into the heart of a soldier on a flying broomstick. He fell into the snow, and another flew in to take his place. Addie spun and kicked him off his broom, sending him into a nearby tree. She continued to draw and fire at other airborne soldiers, kicking them and slashing at them with a sword when necessary. All around her, the Wizard’s and Elphaba’s combined battalions were running through the forest, clashing with and shooting at Arabella’s EPA forces, many of which were throwing icicle spears and casting beams of magic. Addie caught sight of a bat flying next to her.

The bat swooped towards a group of EPA soldiers, and Faewyn emerged with a greataxe in her hands. She swung it in a crescent-shaped motion, hitting the five enemies in front of her. They fell with large gashes in their torsos. She ran parallel to Addie, swinging the greataxe with great effectiveness. One soldier, a half-orc, lunged at her. He swung a massive fist, but Faewyn caught it with her own equally-strong grip. She pushed upwards, throwing the half-orc’s fist off of her, and then tackled him. He was on his back, and she had her boot on his neck. Faewyn pressed her foot down, and he could feel the bones beginning to crack.

	“Agh, this is taking too long,” she said. The vampire buried the greataxe in his left breast. The half-orc wailed in pain as he coughed up his own blood. Faewyn removed the axe and continued running for the palace.

Alex and Lara were charging side by side, the former with Aelia and the latter with Acrolla. They had a few of Elphaba’s guards and flying monkeys with them. They clashed with blade after blade, quickly dispatching Arabella’s men.

	“They just don’t stop coming, do they?” Alex asked.

	“No, but we gotta get to the palace,” Lara said. “The longer we fight here, the more time Arabella has to fortify before we arrive.”

	“She seems to be the ringleader among them,” Alex said as she drove her blade into an enemy’s back. “I was surprised that Glinda wasn’t.”

	“Me too,” Lara said, spinning to jab the tip of her sword into a halfling’s throat.

Allie, Milo, and Anaxir were moving with the majority of the other forces. The Wizard had sent one of his newly-minted battalions to reinforce Elphaba’s, the combined effort being nicknamed Army Group Kansas. Elphaba was acting as the head general. The offensive had been going for about half a day now. With the speed and mobility which Elphaba employed in her tactics, as suggested by Fiyero, the attack was, so far, successful. While Arabella had some solid artillery defenses, the EPA divisions making up the bulk of her garrison were fairly depleted and insufficiently supplied, especially after the eastern and southern palaces fell.

Anaxir looked at Allie, who was taking down a handful of soldiers by swinging the sword of D&D. One of the EPA members approached the cleric with a short dagger, and Allie bashed into them with the mace weapon. The dagger’s blade snapped, and Allie kicked the EPA member down. The cleric cast a quick wounding spell to his left, hitting a dwarf in the leg before he could swing his sword. The dwarf lost his balance, and Allie brought the sword down into his skull. He looked back at Milo, who was on the back of one of the Wizard’s cars, with the farmboy, Dowen, in the driver’s seat. Dowen had volunteered to help in the battle, especially after learning that Allie would be taking part in it. He offered to drive Milo around, as the golem could not run fast enough to keep up with the rest of the offensive. Elphaba was flying beside them on her broomstick, and she swerved over to Allie.

	“Getting tired yet?” she asked playfully. “We still got a ways to go.” Allie shook his head.

	“Nope, just checking on everyone,” he replied.

	“Well, don’t stand around too much, or else you’ll get yourself killed.”

	“Oh, I won’t. I was watching Dowen.”

	“Look, love’s important, but that’s why I told Fiyero to stay back.”

	“Hey, I don’t-” Allie began, but Elphaba simply flew off, laughing to herself. One of Arabella’s artillery pieces fired, and hit Elphaba’s broomstick. It immediately froze and shattered, forcing Elphaba to land. Several soldiers came in her direction, and she simply whirled around and cast a wave of air, hitting them all simultaneously. They fell on their backs, but quickly regained their posture and opened fire with a set of crossbows. Elphaba simply spun and waved her hands, changing the currents in the air and deflecting their projectiles back at their owners. Soon, an entire squad was in the snow, having been struck between the eyes by their own bolts.

A few EPA members turned on Anaxir, throwing a series of bombs crafted from the plants in the poppy fields. They must’ve had access to the old opium labs. Anaxir dodged the explosions, and lunged off of a fallen tree into a frontflip. He hit a human EPA member in the chest with a solid dropkick, sending them into a large oak nearby. He heard the soldier’s spine break, cringed a little bit, but kept moving. Anaxir turned to punch an enemy gnome underneath the jaw. The gnome went airborne over the top of the fallen tree, presumably unconscious. The monk looked over at Allie, who was running to follow Milo and Elphaba. He ran, in his drunken, slouching manner. Yet, he was moving faster than most of the others. This was still a concept none of them could understand. Anaxir charged at full speed, swinging his fists at every adversary who approached him. Any time he hit, they were either in the snow or into a tree. One particularly fun moment was gnome who was far too brave for his own good, and Anaxir simply kicked him, and up he went in a parabolic arc over some of the shorter trees.

Allie hopped onto the car beside Dowen, swinging the sword to bat more airborne EPA members away from his friend. He observed the battle as he fought. Anaxir was running at his superhuman monk speed along one side of the car. Elphaba was on the other, and appeared to be riding on… a ball of air? Allie shook his head and rubbed his eyes. Yup, it was a ball of air. They led the center flank of the forces.

Addie and Faewyn were on the left, the former in another car, the latter having transformed back into a bat. Addie had the bow in her hands, still shooting and kicking Arabella’s guards flying on brooms. She picked up two spare knives, and threw them, each landing in an enemy’s neck. Faewyn, meanwhile, was changing rapidly between forms, bat to move, Vampire to strike. She tackled and drained one soldier and then leapt back into bat form, flying into a swathe of targets. She transformed at the last second into a spinning airborne martial attack. She hit two enemies with her feet and punched one in the head with her hands. All three went down.

Lara and Alex were on the right, running and slashing rapidly with their swords at the enemy. When one enemy tried to lasso Lara’s leg, she simply did a somersault and yanked him in, allowing her to drive Acrolla into his chest. She pulled the poor man off her sword, and smirked as others tried to engage her in a swordfight. She dispatched them with lightning speed and efficiency, never relenting. Alex drew the Staff of Fire. Before her, there was a group of about ten of Arabella’s guards. She tried to reason with them.

“Okay, you people, let’s talk this out,” she said. The soldiers still charged. Alex sighed, and cast a large fireball, blasting the soldiers away, some of them in pieces. 

	“Good talk,” she said.

	“No it wasn’t!” one guard cried in agony.

The party was now in the lead of the advance, with Elphaba commanding the army behind them. Army Group Kansas was making major inroads against the bulk of Arabella’s remaining garrison. The party soon converged on a short barricade just a hundred yards from the gate at the base of the plateau. Dowen and the driver of Addie’s car each went off a snowy ramp, while the rest of the party either flew or jumped off trees and rocks over the top of the barricade, all together in a strangely dramatic image. Arabella’s forces watched as their superior adversaries leapt over their shoddy bulwark. As they landed, they continued the push to the northern palace.

	“At long last,” Dowen said as he drove the car.

	“At long last is lasting a little long,” Elphaba said. She pointed to the party. “You six, take the palace. I’ll join you after we’ve finished here. C’mon, it’s almost to the finish line!”
